hello youtube friends how was my
name is alejandro welcome to the channel
today I'm going to play a little bit of
extinction completely live and good
the only thing I want to do and
I want to see what it looks like in what is
xbox one I want to make the easter the
famous mystery of the golden aliens
I believe that this mystery I believe that
Many of you know it has been a while
They took it out but I wanted to wait
to do it in what is electro one
to see what if that is the same
I change a little bit it looks better I do not know no
I know I do not know apart from all I imagine that
you have to find out why youtube does not
allows to watch high quality videos or san
mamés so you can put it to 1080 p a
361 video groupon will see me
I imagine that they will look the same in the
culeros but good who knows to see
we're going to do as I say, you have to
kill
you have to go first this
is what this swarm of
aliens and then we'll go for what's coming
being
sniper to be able to do it
I imagine that many of you already
They know what is good stereo and
they know what it's about to do but if
they do not know right now they see them explaining how
you do first you have to pass this
bit here is not the most important thing
or kill the aliens that come out
take this machine, let's take it
let's put it in the middle what I
like it is that what I like is what
it draws attention to me from the games
to give you details as well as how
this little one and this one from Havana is
fun is not fun is not so
complicated to do the truth that's what
who calls me the attention of the
videogames that put you things that one
can do regardless of the mode
of game is not fun good here
what we have to do to access
the golden aliens is simply
shoot him to the letter l
then to the letter and then to the letter l
It's that simple and the
word to lol once the
word we activate what is coming
the mister and we only hope that
come the damn aliens at the time that
you kill an aliens
they will leave you like 4 or 5 aliens
little boys, the truth is sad
is very very cool I liked it very much or
I liked it because it's very easy it 's very
easy to do is very fun
is chingón looks very father checks of
you kill the aliens and they are already 45
little golden aliens for this guy
of things in video games to me
called a lot of attention it's good that
put these kinds of things like that to
video games and I hope that all
games and are 10 or anything
multiplayer and everything you put something
interesting to look for something interesting
what to see, not only for example
rays and the Chinese but also make a
kind of looking for something fun
notice, it only lasts about 2 minutes
more or less as hard as two minutes or two
minutes or a minute in what you can
kill the aliens and get the
golden aliens and I do not know if you can
do again I'm not sure but
this
if you can do it very soon what
I will try again not to do two or three
or four if there is another one that also
I will be looking for it and for the
Gentlemen check if the golden aliens are
they see quite a lot cure lamentation
well well good cures
as I say it lasts very little
let's see let's see
go dead
they keep coming
do not delay that this is over
technology is going to end is wrong
they threw me
start
it's over, the charm is over now
the charm is over the charm is over
good if you're me with this and I say goodbye
I hope you liked it, do not forget to leave
your law and comment
if there is another interest in this mode of
I'm obviously going to bring them
and good airs remember that my channel
it's from the group of widgets and interest like that is
that I'm going to be bringing
everything all the most interesting of all
the games that go out I say goodbye
see you
today a wise study conducted by this
virus with time talking fake
revolt
working was missing more